ug: lmp customization: add steps to enable ntp (#520)
foundriesio/docs: source/user-guide/lmp-customization/lmp-customization.rst

After these changes, the files ``/usr/lib/passwd`` and ``/usr/lib/group`` should include the configuration for the new user.

> LmP time servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LmP Time Servers
```

----------------

By default, LmP does time synchronization using ``systemd-timesyncd``. It is recommended to use that whenever possible as it is well integrated with ``systemd``. However, a common request is to enable Network Time Protocol (NTP) as a time server instead.

For that, first disable ``systemd-timesyncd`` support in ``meta-subscriber-overrides/recipes-core/systemd/systemd_%.bbappend``:

.. code-block:: none

    PACKAGECONFIG:remove = "timesyncd"

Then, enable ``ntp`` in ``meta-subscriber-overrides/recipes-samples/images/lmp-factory-image.bb`` by appending the ``CORE_IMAGE_BASE_INSTALL`` variable:

.. code-block:: none

    CORE_IMAGE_BASE_INSTALL += " \
        ntp \
    "

.. note::

>     If ``systemd-timesyncd`` is used, the default ``ntp`` server list is set `here <https://github.com/foundriesio/meta-lmp/blob/main/meta-lmp-base/recipes-core/systemd/systemd_%25.bbappend>`_::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If ``systemd-timesyncd`` is used, the default ``ntp`` server list is set `in this recipe <https://github.com/foundriesio/meta-lmp/blob/main/meta-lmp-base/recipes-core/systemd/systemd_%25.bbappend>`_::
```
